---
layout: post
title: "Who am I?"
modified:
categories: Software engineering, web development, full-stack, fron-end
excerpt: "I am passionate about web development because of the ability to give others access to information on such a widely used platform."
tags: [Sofware Engineer]
image:
  feature: seven.jpg
  teaser: 
  thumb: seven-thumb.jpg
ads: false
date: 2016-1-01T13:43:58-07:00
---

Both professionally and personally, I identify as a software engineer. I practice web development – across the entire stack - but in the near future I will be diving into (Web)VR and IoT. I’m also interested in machine learning and data analysis, but I’m convinced that time is my nemesis. Yet I just can’t get enough of it; time. I also have experience in education and management, but regardless of my responsibilites, I will always be a software engineer and I will always do what I can to share my knowledge with others.

I am passionate about web development because of the ability to give others access to information on such a widely used platform. There are so many great ideas out there and I have many ideas of my own, I’m just excited to take on the challenges in bridging the analog and digital information gap. Additionally, we have a great community with many contributors.

I’ve built and maintained projects in front-end Javascript frameworks, AngularJS versions 1.4, 1.5 (component based architecture), Angular 2 and Ionic with respect to these versions. I’m also building projects in ReactJS and Redux. Modern day web development is very complex and consist of so much more than the JS client-side frameworks, but I’ll be posting about that later. 

I’d often refer to myself as an full-stack engineer but I really want to emphasize that I enjoy working across the entire stack as well as DevOps. The software development lifecycle has so many overlapping boundaries and for me, to build in any specific area, I’d do best in understanding how all the parts interact and even enhance one another. In web development, I feel that it’s my job to fulfill team needs in building great user experiences and if the current version is feature complete and the API is set, I’ll work on styling, test coverage, tooling or working on the next iteration.

One of the things that I’m working on this year is asking others for help. Sometimes I’ll beat myself up trying implement a feature, working on async issues, or tracking down a bug. I think about giving up and starting over but I know that it has been solved before, so I can do it as well and also potentially help someone else with the same issue. But just another pair of eyes can often help solve some of the simple issues (also a good reason for testing and linting ASAP).

Altogether, I happy as long as I’m being challenged, there is room for growth and I have an opportunity to both learn more and help others. This is one of the many reasons I love software engineering. But when it comes to work, it’s also important to me that I get along and that I’m helpful to everyone on my team and to my organization. 

